When's the light gonna fade?!
Just calm down, loser.
How can I?!
We don't know what's happening to everyone outside!
All we can do right now is wait.
Until the Infinite Tsukuyomi subsides, we can't go outside.
Itachi's Story – Light and Darkness: Moonlit Night
That's my boy!
You've become a member of the ANBU and I'm very proud.
However, keep this close to your heart.
Though you're an ANBU,
you are first and foremost Itachi of the Uchiha Clan.
Yes.
You're the only one I can count on, my best friend.
Protect the Village, and the Uchiha name.
If I die, many things will change…
I've left a note.
Shisui?!
Don't stop me, Itachi…
If you're truly my friend.
Shisui!
Shisui Uchiha, who threw himself into the Nakano River
and killed himself last night…
I'M TIRED OF MISSIONS. IF THINGS CONTINUE, THERE'S NO FUTURE LEFT FOR THE UCHIHA...AND FOR ME. I CAN NO LONGER GO AGAINST THIS PATH. Why don't you come out and say it?
Why don't you come out and say it?
You suspect me, don't you?
Yeah, we do, you punk.
Listen, Itachi.
Just try and betray the clan.
And you'll pay big time.
The clan, the clan...
You overestimate your own abilities,
and have no idea about the depth of my own.
That's why you're groveling there now.
Stop, Itachi!
What is going on?
Just wha—
There's no hope left…
for this pathetic clan.
Brother!
Please stop!
Observe carefully with those eyes... Sasuke.
Observe how shallow this clan is.
From today, you are now an ANBU squad leader.
It's not the Foundation,
but mission orders will come from me…
There is no need to report this to Hiruzen and his staff.
Yes.
Without further pause, I have a mission for you.
It's a simple assassination.
The two behind you will assist you.
We are your subordinates from today.
We're honored to be of service.
Good work…
By the way...
While you were away,
the surveillance team that is covering the Uchiha reported that
the Leaf Police is strengthening their armaments.
What does this signify?
Resentment towards the Village has been increasing among the Uchiha.
So we can't ignore it?
No.
FIRE LEAF EXAM ATTEMPTS: 1 SPECIALIZED SKILLS: TAIJUTSU
NOTES: EXCEPTIONAL IMPROVEMENT IN TAIJUTSU SKILLS OVER THE PAST YEAR.
CLASSIFIED
Welcome home, Big Brother!
I'm going to go train.
Come with me.
I'm exhausted from my mission.
You never get tired, Big Brother.
Ouch!
Forgive me, Sasuke. Maybe some other time.
Man!
You know about the clan meeting in three days, right?
No.
Come alone to the Nakano Shrine after the meeting.
Without your ANBU subordinates.
I'll be leaving tomorrow on a mission away from the Village.
Don't run away.
"Run away"?
From what?
From your Uchiha destiny…
Do you understand? I'll be waiting.
You two standby here.
But, Captain!
Just report that to Lord Danzo.
Within the clan, only those who possess the Sharingan
can read the stone tablet…
And even then, they can read only part of it.
But with your Mangekyo Sharingan, you should be able to read further.
So you want me to tell you what it says?
That's not necessary.
Mangekyo?!
You have them too, Father?
It was during the Third Great Ninja War…
My friend gave his life to save me.
Along with his tears of blood, the Mangekyo was born.
The Uchiha's way to salvation is carved into this stone.
But even with the Mangekyo Sharingan,
the end cannot be deciphered.
It seems we still have a way to go.
However, even if it's part way,
once you read it, you will understand, Itachi.
The current situation forced upon the Uchiha Clan right is wrong.
Even so, to use force to overcome it is…
The higher-ups of the Village fear us.
That is why they persecute us...
out of fear towards our Sharingan.
You're right.
They fear we will control the Nine Tails
with the power of the Sharingan.
That's just… …the legend of Madara Uchiha.
Since then, no one has done something like that.
We don't even know if anyone can.
But the higher-ups cling to the ghosts of the past,
and keep us at a distance out of fear.
If they fear us…
there is nothing else left to do, but for us to control them.
Will you use force to become the Hokage?
It's because the clan wishes it.
I can't stop them.
But I want to avoid the use of brute force.
That is why I kept my Mangekyo Sharingan a secret.
Why?
I can control the Nine Tails with Mangekyo Sharingan.
If the clan learns of this, they would desire even more.
Watch!
We've brought the Jinchuriki!
Let's do it!
The captain can do it!
- Captain! - Please!
Use the power of the Uchiha!
That's!
Many in the clan resent the Village.
When you're pushed into a corner, you'll resort to things like this.
There will be much bloodshed on both sides.
But Itachi... if you are with me…
We can take them by surprise and restrain the higher-ups.
Some fighting will ensue,
but with your help as a member of ANBU,
a bloodless revolution can happen!
"A bloodless revolution"?!
Itachi, you're my son. Please!
Save our clan!
Captain?
Your orders.
FIRE
The Uchiha Clan…
is intent on revolting against the Hidden Leaf.
There's no time to waste.
We must strike preemptively before them.
The Uchiha were our comrades in arms in past wars…
I would like to use words before violence.
I will come up with a way.
Despite what Lord Third said… when push comes to shove…
He will do what whatever it takes to protect the Hidden Leaf.
I want you to choose.
Align with the Uchiha and launch the coup d'état,
and be slaughtered along with your family…
Or side with the Leaf,
and before they attempt a coup d'état,
eliminate every Uchiha except your younger brother?
Eliminate the Uchiha… In order to protect the Leaf,
every possible step must be taken to avoid mayhem.
The only one that can handle this mission is you,
a double agent for both the Uchiha and the Leaf.
There is no one else, Itachi.
Will you accept this mission?
The Village…the clan…shinobi…
Is fighting…inevitable?
The Village or the clan…
What should I do?
I wasn't serious just now.
Yes , you were, loser.
If I were serious, I would have beaten you!
This time, I challenge you to the high jump!
You're no match for me.
What did you say?!
Hey…
There's something I would like you to help me with.
LEAF POLICE FORCE
Who are you?!
Itachi...
What lies beyond this slaughter?
Are you going to show me...
a different future from the one I showed you?
This.
LEAF POLICE FORCE
Oh... Such fine eyes.
No way!
Help…Itachi.
Help me!
This is what I see for the future of the village…and for the clan.
I see…
Sasuke, eh?
A shadow Clone!
Father is the worst possible enemy for me.
This is going to be a battle of Mangekyo Sharingan…
Over here…
There are no traps. Come inside.
Father!
I don't want to participate in a death match…with my son.
I see…
You've aligned with the other side.
Father, Mother…
I…
We already know, Itachi…
Itachi, promise me this.
Take care of Sasuke.
I will.
Do not fear it.
This is the path you've chosen.
Compared to yours, our pain will end in an instant.
Our philosophies may differ, but I'm proud of you.
You truly are a kind child.
It's over.
You're…
Never mind. Shall we go?
Go on ahead.
I'm going to confirm things… with the Leaf higher-ups.
First, you have my thanks.
Civil war has been averted in the Hidden Leaf.
We have maintained peace.
Yes.
However, I regret that there was no other way to achieve this.
I apologize.
I'm the one who must apologize.
You will now be branded a Rogue Ninja
who massacred his entire clan,
and be listed in the Bingo Book as a fugitive, wanted dead or alive.
That goes without saying.
What will you do from now?
I've found aid from a group called the "Akatsuki."
I intend to stay close to them
in order to make sure a promise is not broken.
What do you want now?
You're a Rogue Ninja listed in the Bingo Book, Captain.
An S-class, no less.
As Foundation members, we want to make it appear like we pursued you.
- Please go easy on us. - Please go easy on us.
Your swordsmanship hints at more than just maintaining "appearances."
The Sharingan won't work.
We won't look into your eyes.
A genjutsu?!
How?!
When you first came to me as my subordinates…
We are your subordinates from today.
I imbedded a suggestion in case you turned your sword on me.
You didn't trust us… from the very beginning?
I was a double agent.
I see through the eyes of both the Leaf and the Uchiha.
To be frank, I don't know whose spy I was...
even to this day.
Within the organization, I'm known as Tobi.
I'm not an official member.
I'm a newbie within the Akatsuki
who doesn't possess any spectacular jutsu.
You should… treat me the same way.
Why hide your true identity?
If word gets out that Madara Uchiha is still alive…
things could become complicated.
Only the leader of Akatsuki, who we're meeting now,
knows my true identity.
Why, it's Itachi.
It's been a long time.
Mr. Orochimaru…
That's right. You're from the same region.
Is this going to be a touching reunion?
I heard the rumors.
I knew it… so you were a shinobi like us…
"Like us"?
Those who consider bonds like the village, the clan and comrades...
to be a burden.
The goal of the Akatsuki…
is a world of true peace among shinobi.
Instead of the Five Great Shinobi Nations,
the Akatsuki shall rule the world.
That's a big goal.
That's why we're assembling skilled shinobi
without asking where they're from or what they've done.
Itachi of the Hidden Leaf, we welcome you into the Akatsuki.
From this moment on, reject the Hidden Leaf.
From now… you are Itachi of the Akatsuki.
SHU
Show the world pain…
Juzo...
Huh?
Form a two-man team with Itachi.
Okay.
Follow me, newbie.
Yes.
So Itachi, have you gotten used to the Akatsuki?
How would you feel about changing partners and teaming up with me?
I second changing partners!
I'd like you to think about this some more, leader.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "The Darkness of the Akatsuki."
You're one to talk, you damn snake!
ITACHI'S STORY – LIGHT AND DARKNESS: THE DARKNESS OF THE AKATSUKI.
Tune in again!